It was the morning of the Erntedankfest (Harvest Festival) and Anna's mother Charlotte was once again preparing their stand for the market at noon. Every year on the second Sunday of October, Anna's family prepares a lovely stand with the most impressive harvest results of the year, from massive pumpkins and cucumbers to the baker's lovely bread, such as the Weißbierbrot, Pumpernickel or Farmer's Bread. This year's most outstanding yield was a pumpkin that naturally grew to almost look like a face. Every time Anna had to look at it she asked herself why anyone would keep this thing rather than just get rid of it, considering how creepy it looked, but if the village was gonna love it, then who is she to question it. And Klara definitely thought it was funny. So, funny it is then. Of course Klara was going to hang out at their stand today again, her family hardly has much to do today, as their smithing products aren't being sold on today's market, so they just let 17-year-old Klara hang out with Anna as much as she wants. Not like they could stop her anyway. She's always had a rebellious streak and especially on a holiday, like today, they knew she'd spend time with Anna as those two were basically inseparable.

So it was no surprise for Anna, that while she and her mother were setting up today's stand, Klara showed up with a wide grin on her face. "Where's the pumpkin Krampus? Have you already set him up yet? I wanna see his ugly mug again!" Klara exclaimed excitedly and as she showed up, Anna lit up too, almost dropping said Pumpkin Krampus, before setting it up on the stand. "I don't think anyone's half as excited as you to see that thing." Anna said, thinking she's much more excited to see Klara again than to see that stupid Pumpkin. But anything's a good excuse to spend time with her. "Do you need some help setting up the other stuff Anna?" Klara asked her, while already starting to pick up a basket with an assortment of fruits and vegetables, to which Anna responded: "Of course, there's still tooons to set up, so I'd love some of your help!". So the both of them spent the rest of the morning finishing setting up the market stand for today's festival.

As the festival takes its course, with Anna's family having another great year here, Anna realized that Klara, who kept close by seemed to space out quite a lot and just didn't seem to be her usual. Unlike her usual demeanor of laid back confidence, she seemed troubled and unsure. Unable to leave her parents to their work, Anna decided to wait out the festival to ask Klara if she was alright, because this behavior was so unlike her usual self. Had Anna done something wrong? Did she let her feelings ruin their relationship? But if so, why would she show up so happy this morning?

Either way, evening was fast approaching and as such the culmination in form of the large bonfire meant to keep evil spirits away and protect the village from curses. It was always a lovely event, the people dancing around to the sparks of the bonfire, the bards singing songs to fend off the specters - though mostly just for fun - and everyone is usually having a great time. It was also where young couples often kiss for the very first time! Anna wished she could, but there's no way she'd ever dare do that! Not in front of everyone and also... what if Klara didn't want to? There's no way she also feels that way. Anna knows her parents teased her constantly about the guys who tried to kiss her here last year, but she doesn't want any of them, she doesn't want anyone, but her... That's when she realized the both of them have just been sitting there, awkwardly, at the fire. They both look around nervously, staring at the ground avoiding eye contact, before they both, simultaneously say: "Hey um-". Realizing they cut each other off at the same time, they laugh and look at each other, before Klara starts: "Anna, there's something I wanted to show you. I think now is probably the best time.". Anna, unsure, asks: "What do you mean, Klara?" to which Klara responded with a smile, a wink and: "Just follow me, okay?". Anna just felt a thousand different things at once, unsure what any of them meant, but it sure felt good. She had also gone a bit red.

Klara led Anna out of the village towards the hill where they only stop once they've reached a spot under a large and old oak tree. "You know we're not supposed to go this far out, this area can be dangerous sometimes." Anna whispered, unsure of what's going on. "Trust me on this, it's worth it." Klara said quickly. Klara spread out a blanket she had brought under the protecting umbrella of the ancient oak's branches and gestured for Anna to take a seat. "Sit down, it should start any moment!" Klara said, helped Anna down and sat next to her. "Remember this astronomer that visited us a few months ago? He said an amazing sight would be visible today... Look, there! It's starting!" and while finishing her sentence, she pointed at the starry night sky upon which for but a split second a star shot across it. And then another, a few more and soon those turn into dozens lighting up the night sky. Both of them viewed the spectacle that's unfolding above them with great wonder and without realizing it, they had moved close enough for their shoulders to touch. 

"Klara, this is beautiful, but why not watch it with the others in the village?" Anna asked Klara, clearly hoping she's really feeling the same things as her. "Well, the guy said you can best see them when there's little light around." she paused for a while, the both of them looking each other directly into their eyes now. "I also... well... Fuck! I wanted to just spend this moment with you. Just you.". "Just me? Klara, does that mean you-?" "Yeah, fuck, I'm sorry Anna I think I've fallen for you... badly. I- I- I get it, I shouldn't have, but you know, how the hell am I supposed to control that?". Anna put her hand on Klara's shoulder and told her: "Klara, hey, you're okay I- I feel the same. I just had no idea how to tell you.". Klara, who was looking around seeking for a non-existent way out of this uncomfortable situation heard this and suddenly realized what Anna just said. "Wait. You mean that?!" she asked Anna, who was just as surprised. "Of course I mean it Klara. I didn't know you felt the same." The both of them looked at each other in silence for a while, trying to process what had just happened. Anna felt something she had never felt before and she felt this desperate urge to kiss Klara. So she took the initiative: "Do you wanna kiss now?" "I thought you'd never fucking ask..." Klara answered, with a sly grin on her lips. Their first kiss went about as well as could be expected. Utterly terrible. But they had enough time on their hands to get better. "You know, I brought a little something else." Klara said playfully, pulling a bottle of wine from her bag. "I took it from my father's wine cellar!". Shocked, Anna exclaimed: "He's gonna kill you when he finds out!" to which Klara responded: "You mean, IF he ever finds out." and winked at Anna.