Having just finished up cleaning Klara's gun, Anna sat for a while in her tent, just thinking. Today was another lonely day, out in the wilderness, all by herself. She had been doing nothing but just barely getting by for what must be months now. She looked to her side, where her journal was lying right next to her cleaning tools. She stared at it, thinking about her recent entries, about how they must seem like the ramblings of a madwoman. She had been expressing her yearning for revenge, her hatred for the one man who took everything she had and how her loved ones had been tormenting her in her dreams. Thinking about that, she decided not to journal that day; it would only feed into these terrible feelings more and they had already been consuming her.

So she snuffed out her lantern in front of her tent and decided it was best she just went to sleep, though she dreaded what that would mean. Facing them all again. But, alas, she had no choice. This was a torment she had earned, or so she thought at least. Turning in her bedroll, trying to fall asleep, she thought of her loved ones, of Klara and how much she missed her warm embrace, of Samuel, whose words always brought strength in dark times. Her own and even Klara's parents came to mind. They must despise her, for what she had let happen to their daughter. Despite her haunting thoughts, she managed to fall asleep at some point and, like so, so many nights before, the nightmare recurred.

She finds herself in bed, comfortable and safe, back home, where she had grown up. The smell of her mother's cooking is filling her lungs and she can feel the warm embrace of her wife at her back. Klara's hands are caressing her as the words: "Your mother's called you, you should probably get up, honey." are being whispered into her ear. "Fine, though I would much prefer staying here with you!" she responds, while getting up slowly, dressing up and getting ready for the day ahead. She gives Klara, who was still very comfortable in bed, a kiss on the forehead and opens the door. Just as she was about to leave through the door, Klara with a much more distressed tone says to her: "You should stay. I need you here.". Opening the door, Klara does not see the interior of her home, but instead the road near Silvercreek. 

Turning around to check on Klara, she now sees her wife no longer in bed, but instead on her knees, covered in bullet wounds, bleeding profusely. "Anna why didn't you stay!? Help me!" she screams in desperation, just before ***he*** executes her, his gang members laughing maniacally. ***He*** turns towards her, wearing that wickedly disgusting smile and in a mockingly and condescending tone asks her: "Yes Anna. Why did you not stay? You could, no you **SHOULD** have saved her." Anna tries to storm over to Klara, but just before she can reach her, ***he*** shoots her too. She falls over backwards, expecting to land with her back on the hard desert ground.

However, instead, the moment she would have hit the ground, she suddenly found herself on her back in the streets of Silvercreek itself. But, unlike the Silvercreek she lived in for over 6 years, this one was engulfed in flames. Suddenly, from behind, Paul, entirely lit on fire and turned into a revenant, turns her around, grabs her shoulder and with the most disturbed look one can imagine demands to know why she didn't kill ***him***. "Why—Why did you not kill him when you had the chance?!". 

She shoves him away and starts running through the streets of Silvercreek. But no matter where she runs to, at every path, at every corner, one of her former friends confronts her. They all demand to know, why she didn't do something - ANYTHING. She keeps on running, trying to escape the carnage in any way, but at one junction she stops. She sees Samuel, standing there, still his usual form, confused as to what's happening and visibly anxious. "What's going on here Anna? What's happening to our friends, to the entire town?". Unsure what to do and afraid, Anna answers with a shaky voice in similar confusion: "I don't know Sam, t-terrible things are happening to everyone and... I-I don't know what to do!". 

But their conversation is suddenly cut short, by a bolt of magic of a kind she had never seen before. She sees it strike Sam right in his chest. It brings him to the ground and before her eyes, she has to watch him writhe and turn into a revenant as well. "Anna, please! I need your help, it hurts so like hell!", she hears the man she had never express fear before exclaim to her. And from behind she hears ***his*** voice again: "Oh, Anna, dear Anna. You couldn't save him either, could you?". He chuckles to himself and when she turns around she can see ***him*** with that smile of ***his*** again, that damn smile. "You can't do anything on your own, can you? You're entirely powerless.". "Kill him already!", she hears from the other direction again, in a very distorted voice. Seeing Sam clearly in pain, she sets off running, she *has* to get away from this place.

And she keeps running for what seems like an eternity until she arrives in the desert wasteland, the middle of nowhere. And once she's out of breath, exhausted and cannot run anymore, she starts seeing them. All of them. They approach her from all sides. Helen, Joseph, Martha, Paul, the entire town, Sam and even Klara, too. And they repeat this chant in unison: "Why did you not kill him? You must kill him. Avenge us. Set us free. He must pay.". Entirely surrounded and overwhelmed, Anna, on her hands and knees, screams, begging for them to stop. "I thought I was doing the right thing! I didn't know! I couldn't have known... please just leave me be, I'm sorry, I'm sorry everyone, I wish I would've done it!". Slowly, the voices fade around her until she's alone in the desert again. "I never wanted any of this. I just... want to be free from this...". 

And once again, she hears ***his*** voice. "You've failed them all Anna. You're pathetic, you can't protect yourself, nor any of your loved ones. This is all. *Your*. Fault.". She looks up at him, with the intense fiery hatred of a thousand suns and growls at him: "I'll end you. I don't care where you'll go, how strong you are, I will kill you.". ***He*** chuckles in response and tells her: "Just don't die before you reach me then!", as he gestures down towards her arm. As she looks down she can see the revenancy consume her, too, as it's making its way up her arm, encroaching ever further towards her head. Just as it's about to reach her eye she screams in anguish.

And with that she found herself awake, screaming, once again. She's breathing heavily as she's sitting in her bedroll. She takes a few moments to calm down again and manages to regain her composure fairly quickly. After all, this is far from the first time she's experienced this. "These dreams must come to an end, I can feel myself lose my sanity with every passing day. I.... I should find some help. Perhaps some human interaction will do me good." And with that, for the first time in months, Anna actively searched out a settlement to find a way back into civilization. She was far from real recovery, but this was an important start.

